# smallies
Collection of really small utils. Small but useful ones.

IniReaderWriter - two very simple C++ class to read and write INI file entries.

WriteInfoToSysEvent - function to add entry to the Windows Event Queue.

count_pdf_pages.bat - Counts the number of pages of multiple PDF files in a directory. Dep.: XPDFUtils/pdfinfo.exe

fltevt.bat - This command can gather specific MAC filter events from the System Events of a MS Windows DHCP Server (2008 and later). Event IDs of 20097 and 20100 are generated by the system each time when a user connects a device to a local domain network and the MAC address of that device has never been added to the White List of the DHCP's MAC filter. External program can then process the generated XML file so the administrator of the network does not need to add the new MAC address by hand to the White List.

managemacondhcp.hta - Poor but simple user interface aiming to add new MAC addresses to a DHCP server's MAC filter White List.

remote_proc_list.hta - Simple user interface with VBScripts and batch commands to: get process list from a remote host and shut down or restart a remote machine.

merge_pdf_gs32.bat - If you have the GhostScript software installed on your system you can use it to merge several PDF pages into a big one PDF file.

modify_link.vbs - Change the path of your link file even if the path can not be found on the local system. (Windows). Use the command line to run: cscript modify_link.vbs /linkpath:"PATH_OF_THE_LINK_FILE" /target:"LINK_TARGET_PATH" /params:"APPLICATION_PARAMETERS" /description:"LINK_DESCRIPTION" /workingdir:"WORKING_DIRECTORY")

volume_ctrl.vbs - Mute the system master sound volume by emulating keyboard presses.

